Update the readme to v25.2 (#24)
DevExpress-Examples/blazor-theme-and-size-mode-switcher: Readme.md

> # Switch Themes and Size Mode in Blazor Applications at Runtime

Author: ```suggestion
# Switch Themes and Size Modes in Blazor Applications at Runtime

```

# Switch Themes and Size Modes in Blazor Applications at Runtime

> This example demonstrates adds a Theme Switcher to your Blazor application. Users can switch between DevExpress Fluent and Classic themes, and external Bootstrap themes. This example uses the [DxResourceManager.RegisterTheme(ITheme)](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxResourceManager.RegisterTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to apply a theme at application startup and the [IThemeChangeService.SetTheme()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.IThemeChangeService.SetTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to change the theme at runtime.

Author: ```suggestion
This example adds a theme switcher to your Blazor application. Users can switch between DevExpress Fluent and Classic themes, and external Bootstrap themes. This example uses the [DxResourceManager.RegisterTheme(ITheme)](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxResourceManager.RegisterTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to apply a theme at application startup and the [IThemeChangeService.SetTheme()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.IThemeChangeService.SetTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to change the theme at runtime.

```

> This example demonstrates how to add a Theme Switcher to your Blazor application. Users can switch between DevExpress Fluent and Classic themes, as well as external Bootstrap themes. This example uses the [DxResourceManager.RegisterTheme(ITheme)](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxResourceManager.RegisterTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to apply a theme at application startup and the [IThemeChangeService.SetTheme()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.IThemeChangeService.SetTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to change the theme at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates adds a Theme Switcher to your Blazor application. Users can switch between DevExpress Fluent and Classic themes, and external Bootstrap themes. This example uses the [DxResourceManager.RegisterTheme(ITheme)](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxResourceManager.RegisterTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to apply a theme at application startup and the [IThemeChangeService.SetTheme()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.IThemeChangeService.SetTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to change the theme at runtime.
```

> This example also implements a size mode switcher that allows users to switch between small, medium, and large [size modes](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/401784/styling-and-themes/size-modes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example also implements a size mode combobox that allows users to switch between small, medium, and large [size modes](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/401784/styling-and-themes/size-modes).
```

![Blazor - Theme and Size Mode Switchers](images/blazor-theme-and-size-mode-switcher.png)

## Add Resources and Services

> To implement custom theme and size mode switchers, configure your Blazor application as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
To switch themes and size modes at runtime, configure your Blazor application as follows:

```

> 1. Copy the example's [switcher-resources](./CS/switcher/switcher/wwwroot/switcher-resources) folder to your application's *wwwroot* folder. The *switcher-resources* folder has the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the example [switcher-resources](./CS/switcher/switcher/wwwroot/switcher-resources) folder to your application *wwwroot* folder. The *switcher-resources* folder has the following structure:
```

    * **js/cookies-manager.js**  
    Contains a function that stores the theme in a cookie variable.
    * **js/size-manager.js**  

>     Contains a function that assigns the selected size mode to the `--global-size` CSS variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Contains a function that assigns selected size mode to the `--global-size` CSS variable.
```

    * **theme-switcher.css**  

>     Contains CSS rules that define the theme switcher's appearance and behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Contains CSS rules that define theme switcher appearance and behavior.
```

2. Add the following services to your application (copy the corresponding files from the [Services](./CS/switcher/switcher/Services) folder):

    * [ThemesService.cs](./CS/switcher/switcher/Services/ThemesService.cs)  
    Implements the [IThemeChangeService](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.IThemeChangeService) interface to switch themes at runtime and uses the [SetTheme()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.IThemeChangeService.SetTheme(DevExpress.Blazor.ITheme)) method to apply the selected theme. Supports custom accent colors for Fluent themes.
    * [Themes.cs](./CS/switcher/switcher/Services/Themes.cs)  

>     Creates a list of themes for the theme switcher using the built-in DevExpress Blazor [Themes](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.Themes) collection and the [Clone()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxThemeBase-1.Clone(System.Action--0-)) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Creates a list of themes for the theme switcher via the built-in DevExpress Blazor [Themes](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.Themes) collection and the [Clone()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxThemeBase-1.Clone(System.Action--0-)) method.
```

    * [CookiesService.cs](./CS/switcher/switcher/Services/CookiesService.cs)  
    Manages cookies.
    * [SizeManager.cs](./CS/switcher/switcher/Services/SizeManager.cs) *(Optional)*  

>     Manages the application [size mode](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/401784/styling-and-themes/size-modes) (small, medium, or large).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Manages application [size mode](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/401784/styling-and-themes/size-modes) (small, medium, or large).
```

> 3. In the [_Imports.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/_Imports.razor) file, import `{ProjectName}.Components.ThemeSwitcher` and `{ProjectName}.Services` namespaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the [_Imports.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/_Imports.razor) file, register `{ProjectName}.Components.ThemeSwitcher` and `{ProjectName}.Services` namespaces:
```

    ```razor
    @using {ProjectName}.Components.ThemeSwitcher
    @using {ProjectName}.Services
    ```

> 4. Register required services in the [Program.cs](./CS/switcher/switcher/Program.cs) file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Register services in the [Program.cs](./CS/switcher/switcher/Program.cs) file:
```

    ```cs
    builder.Services.AddDevExpressBlazor();
    builder.Services.AddMvc();
    builder.Services.AddHttpContextAccessor();
    builder.Services.AddScoped<ThemesService>();
    builder.Services.AddTransient<CookiesService>();
    builder.Services.AddScoped<SizeManager>();
    ```

## Configure Available Themes

The theme switcher includes the following themes:

> * DevExpress Fluent (Light and Dark with custom accent color support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DevExpress Fluent (Light/Dark with custom accent color support)
```

* DevExpress Classic (Blazing Berry, Blazing Dark, Purple, and Office White)
* [Bootstrap External](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.3.3/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css)

Create a [Themes.cs](./CS/switcher/switcher/Services/Themes.cs) file and configure themes:

> 1. For Classic themes, choose a theme from the built-in DevExpress Blazor [Themes](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.Themes) collection and add custom stylesheets as needed (using the [Clone()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxThemeBase-1.Clone(System.Action--0-)) method):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For Classic themes, choose a theme from the built-in DevExpress Blazor [Themes](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.Themes) collection and add custom stylesheets (using the [Clone()](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxThemeBase-1.Clone(System.Action--0-)) method):
```

    ```cs
    public enum MyTheme {
        FluentLight,
        FluentDark,

        BlazingBerry,
        BlazingDark,
        Purple,
        OfficeWhite,

        Bootstrap
    }
    ```

> ### Apply Custom Accent Colors to Fluent Themes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use Custom Accent Colors in Fluent Themes
```

> This example demonstrates how to apply a Fluent theme with a custom accent color. The theme switcher includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The theme switcher allows you to apply a Fluent theme with a custom accent color as follows:
```

* A masked input field used to enter hex color values
* A color picker for visual color selection

> * Automatic theme updates when a custom color is selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The theme is applied automatically when a user selects the color.
```

Review implementation details in the [ThemeSwitcherContainer.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher/ThemeSwitcherContainer.razor) file.

> ### Add Stylesheets to a Theme (Apply Styles to Non-DevExpress UI Elements)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add Custom Stylesheets to the Application (Apply Styles to Non-DevExpress UI Elements)
```

Our DevExpress Blazor themes affect DevExpress components only. To apply theme-specific styles to non-DevExpress elements or the entire application, add external stylesheets to the theme using its `AddFilePaths()` method:

> > Bootstrap themes require external theme-specific stylesheets. Once you register a Bootstrap theme, call the `Clone()` method and add the stylesheet using theme properties.

Reviewer: This note looks out of place. Can we move it below the snippet?

```cs
public static readonly ITheme BootstrapDefault = Themes.BootstrapExternal.Clone(props => {
    props.Name = "Bootstrap";
    // Links a Bootstrap theme stylesheet
    props.AddFilePaths("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.3.3/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css");
    // Links a custom stylesheet
    props.AddFilePaths("css/theme-bs.css");
});
```

### Change Bootstrap Theme Color Modes

> If you want to use dark Bootstrap themes, implement custom logic that applies a `data-bs-theme` attribute to the root `<html>` element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use dark Bootstrap themes, apply a `data-bs-theme` attribute to the root `<html>` element:
```

* `data-bs-theme="light"` for light themes
* `data-bs-theme="dark"` for dark themes

Refer to the following article for more information: [Color Modes](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/customize/color-modes/).

## Add a Theme Switcher to Your Application

Follow the steps below to add a theme switcher to your application:

> 1. Copy this example's [ThemeSwitcher](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher) folder to your project. The folder contains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the [ThemeSwitcher](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher) folder to your project. The folder contains:
```

   * [ThemeSwitcher.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher/ThemeSwitcher.razor) - The theme switcher button
   * [ThemeSwitcherContainer.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher/ThemeSwitcherContainer.razor) - The theme selection panel with all available themes

>    * [ThemeSwitcherItem.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher/ThemeSwitcherItem.razor) - An individual theme item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [ThemeSwitcher.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher/ThemeSwitcher.razor) - The theme switcher button.
   * [ThemeSwitcherContainer.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher/ThemeSwitcherContainer.razor) - The theme selection panel with all available themes.
   * [ThemeSwitcherItem.razor](./CS/switcher/switcher/Components/ThemeSwitcher/ThemeSwitcherItem.razor) - An individual theme item.
```
